Update JuMP-dev 2023 with links to talks (#106)
jump-dev/jump-dev.github.io: _posts/2022-11-20-jump_dev_2023.md

## Schedule

The full JuliaCon ran from July 25-29, and JuMP-dev specific events were
scheduled on July 27-29.

Talks given at JuMP-dev were recorded and are available on YouTube:

| **Title**                                                 | **Speaker**        | **Video link** |
| --------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------ | -------------- |

> | The state of JuMP	                                        | Miles Lubin        | [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=) |

Author: TODO

Author: Still being processed by MIT AV.

| Fast Convex Optimization with GeNIOS.jl	                | Theo Diamandis     | [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TrHk8sClc9s) |
| Polynomial Optimization	                                | Benoît Legat       | [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rn8Xe4GHAZI) |
| Computable General Equilibrium (CGE) Models in Julia JuMP | Mitch Phillipson   | [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgO-1MTG9GQ) |
| Constructing Optimal Optimization Methods using BnB-PEP   | Shuvomoy Das Gupta | [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akveigT7F7M) |
| Stochastic programming application for LNGC logistics     | Guilherme Bodin    | [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74fvwhakBSM) |
| InfiniteOpt.jl                                            | Joshua Pulsipher   | [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGMJube0pQg) |
| Optimization solvers in JuliaSmoothOptimizers             | Tangi Migot        | [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x52QlIb8E9Y) |
| Improving nonlinear programming support in JuMP           | Oscar Dowson       | [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6q76umkG-34) |

> | Multi-objective optimization with JuMP                    | Xavier Gandibleux  | [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=) |

Author: TODO

Author: It's still processing.

## Schedule

The full JuliaCon ran from July 25-29, and JuMP-dev specific events were
scheduled on July 27-29.

Talks given at JuMP-dev were recorded and are available on YouTube:

| **Title**                                                 | **Speaker**        | **Video link** |
| --------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------ | -------------- |

> | The state of JuMP                                         | Miles Lubin        | [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=) |

Author: ```suggestion
| The state of JuMP                                         | Miles Lubin        | video to come |
```

| Fast Convex Optimization with GeNIOS.jl                   | Theo Diamandis     | [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TrHk8sClc9s) |
| Polynomial Optimization                                   | Benoît Legat       | [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rn8Xe4GHAZI) |
| Computable General Equilibrium (CGE) Models in Julia JuMP | Mitch Phillipson   | [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgO-1MTG9GQ) |
| Constructing Optimal Optimization Methods using BnB-PEP   | Shuvomoy Das Gupta | [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akveigT7F7M) |
| Stochastic programming application for LNGC logistics     | Guilherme Bodin    | [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74fvwhakBSM) |
| InfiniteOpt.jl                                            | Joshua Pulsipher   | [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGMJube0pQg) |
| Optimization solvers in JuliaSmoothOptimizers             | Tangi Migot        | [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x52QlIb8E9Y) |
| Improving nonlinear programming support in JuMP           | Oscar Dowson       | [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6q76umkG-34) |

> | Multi-objective optimization with JuMP                    | Xavier Gandibleux  | [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=) |

Author: ```suggestion
| Multi-objective optimization with JuMP                    | Xavier Gandibleux  | [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E3NdeUTdyFQ) |
```
